Adapt content from Status style guide (#55)
status-im/ift-docs: manual/3-validate-the-design/writing-rules/style-the-content/titles.md

# Titles

- Use the rules described in the [Structure the content](../10-structure-the-content/_index.md) section for each document type.
- Use meaningful titles that provide a precise idea of the article's content.

    | Usage     | Example |
    |:----------|:--------|
    | **Correct** | Upload a file using Codex  |
    | Incorrect   | Upload a file    |
    | Incorrect   | Uploading a file using Codex   |

- Adhere to the capitalization convention described in this article.

> - Your article's title determines the Markdown file name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The title of your article determines the Markdown file name:
```
